doc: Add note to migrating from TTN V2 about dev_id constraints in v3 (#29)
CyberEyeResearchLabs/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/migrating/migrating-from-v2.md

$ ttn-lw-migrate application --source ttnv2 "my-ttn-app" > all-devices.json
```

> {{< note >}} In {{% ttnv2 %}}, underscores ( _ ) are allowed in the end device ID but not in {{% tts %}}. You can refer to [ID And EUI Constraints Document]({{< ref "reference/id-eui-constraints" >}}) for more information. The `ttn-lw-migrate` tool will replace an underscore with a dash ( - ) automagically while exporting the devices. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} In {{% ttnv2 %}}, underscores ( _ ) are allowed in the end device ID but not in {{% tts %}}. You can refer to [ID And EUI Constraints Document]({{< ref "reference/id-eui-constraints" >}}) for more information. The `ttn-lw-migrate` tool replaces an underscore with a dash ( - ) automagically while exporting the devices. {{</ note >}}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} In {{% ttnv2 %}}, underscores ( _ ) are allowed in the end device ID but not in {{% tts %}}. You can refer to [ID And EUI Constraints Document]({{< ref "reference/id-eui-constraints" >}}) for more information. The `ttn-lw-migrate` tool replaces an underscore with a dash ( - ) automagically while exporting the devices. {{</ note >}}
```
